feat: refactors etc directory (#7)
vre-hub/escape-cvmfs: etc/jupyter/README.md

# Rucio JupyterLab extension `jupyter_server_config.py` file

This script creates the following files, needed to configure the Rucio JupyterLab extension.
  * `~/.jupyter/jupyter_server_config.json`
  * `~/.ipython/profile_default/ipython_kernel_config.json`

> The file must live in `/cvmfs/sw.escape.eu/etc/jupyter/jupyter_server_config.py`. It is used 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file must be located in `/cvmfs/sw.escape.eu/etc/jupyter/jupyter_server_config.py`, see 
[swan-cern/jupyter-images#230](https://github.com/swan-cern/jupyter-images/pull/230) for more information. It is used 
```

> during the building phase of the [SWAN image](https://github.com/swan-cern/jupyter-images/blob/main/swan/scripts/before-notebook.d/01_rucio.sh) containing the Rucio extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
during the spawning of the [SWAN session](https://github.com/swan-cern/jupyter-images/blob/main/swan/scripts/before-notebook.d/01_rucio.sh), in order to setup the Rucio extension.
```
